Danika Mae Dinglasan’s invitation is waiting for your response
Additional problems for practice. (CMSC 170 announcement)
New sign-in from Firefox on Linux
[GitHub] Your password has changed
Experience Pipelines GA, Parse on Heroku, React Refetch
Waiver
New sign-in from Chrome on Windows
UPLB OSA Subscription
Deborah, you have 1 profile view and 1 invitation waiting for you on LinkedIn
New assignment: "Exercise 03: Combinational Logic"
Re: [galadhrim] Test: Update registration adviser (6f454d9)
Re: [galadhrim] WS: Update Role (70e7cc3)
Re: [galadhrim] WS: Update Role (#30)
Re: STAT1 Grades 1ST SEM 14-15
Re: STAT1 EXER 14&15 DATA SET, ANNOUNCEMENTS
Additional problems for practice. (CMSC 170 announcement)
New assignment: "CS170 Lab Exercise 04 – Representing…"
Week 4 (Sequential Circuits in VHDL)… (CMSC 132: Computer Architecture announcement)
Sample VHDL Test Benches (CMSC 132: Computer Architecture announcement)
Please take note of the following… (CMSC 170 announcement)
New sign-in from Microsoft Edge on Windows
[GitHub] A new public key was added to your account
You have submitted your assignment submission for Submit here Programming Assignment 001
Your recovery phone number changed
Your recovery email address changed
Your security question or answer was changed
New sign-in from Chrome on Linux
Welcome to Metrobankdirect
Welcome to Introduction to Software Engineering (2nd Sem 2015-16)
Welcome to Computer Architecture (2nd Sem 2015-16)
Welcome to OneDrive with Windows 10!
Microsoft account security code
Experience Pipelines GA, Parse on Heroku, React Refetch
New sign-in from Chrome on Linux
Some updates to our privacy policy
Download Now: Outlook App
Java and Git Course Previews, New Q&A Forums, and More
Game Drive for XBOX. Up Your Game!
New Course: Try Ember
Learn By Building
Show off your progress
Unlimited Access to Everything
Welcome to Code School!
Spend less time on admin, more on creating.
Save the Drama for your Mama.
Cara Jocelyn tweeted: Queen
FREE SHIPPING on Your First Order!
How to Avoid Fasion FOMO
New sign-in from iPhone
March New Releases
Sincerely Tumblr tweeted: Accurate
Use the stars for your ceiling
Your favorites are back!
New sign-in from Firefox on Linux
Science Channel: "Assembling a V6 Engine" and more videos
Your Steam account: Access from new web or mobile device
Experience Pipelines GA, Parse on Heroku, React Refetch
Steam Winter Sale On Now!
[GitHub] A new public key was added to your account
Ticket Received - CHANGE PASSWORD REQUEST
Are You A Narcissist? Here's How To Spot One
Aaron, check out the latest videos from your channel subscriptions for Feb 28, 2016.
Apple Users! Your time has come! BTG is now available on iTunes! Click the image below to head over to iTunes to download now for FREE!
Welcome to Introduction to Software Engineering (2nd Sem 2015-16)
New sign-in from Firefox on Linux
Welcome to Computer Architecture (2nd Sem 2015-16)
Fwd: Invitation
[galadhrim] Test: Delete employee (#91)
CMSC 127 S-1L and ST-3L Final Laboratory Standing
A Social Media Approach to Support Engineering Design Communication - Academia.edu
Please confirm your Bitdefender account
Automatic Email Notifier Re: CMSC22 X-2L Exercise10B Dalisay
Thank you for your email! Re: Shared Post
Your recovery phone number changed
Your Steam account: Access from a new web or mobile device
#define Announcements
CMSC 100 Supplementary Handout
Facebook download requested
How to reset your Apple ID password
New sign-in from Chrome on Windows
New sign-in from Firefox on Linux
Welcome to Computer Architecture (2nd Sem 2015-16)
Please take note of the following … (CMSC 170 Announcement)
CMSC 170 has a new assignment. "CS170 Lab Exercise 04 - Representing Text as  Bags-of-Words" Due: Mar 2 Instructions: Create a program that takes an input file and outputs the bag-of-words in either a output text file or GUI. Get started: http://classroom.google.com/c/NzY1NDQxOTU5/a/OTg0MDYxOTY0/details
Ivy Joy Aguila posted an announcement to CMSC 137. "Final Grades are already out now! Will let you know later on how to complete your grades." Open in Classroom: http://classroom.google.com/c/MTI0NzEyMzUz/p/NzUwMjQ1NjYw
Dear all,Please see attached file for our discussion tomorrow. Thanks. Ma'am H
Hi Ser Laurence Amiel D. Del Rosario, To receive the latest announcements from the UPLB Office of Student Affairs, visit the following link: http://scripts.dreamhost.com/add_list.cgi?g=f98b727f8065635d9fd275d01bd9420d If you do not want to subscribe, kindly ignore this email. Thank you. Communication and Information Technology (COMMIT) Office of Student Affairs University of the Philippines Los Baños
Hi, This is Grey from Thinc Office Corp., makers of MyLegalWhiz. We have received your application for internship from the recently held YSES Practicum Fair 2015 at UPLB, and we would like to invite you for an examination on any of the following dates: A. May 23, 2015
B. May 30, 2015 Please reply with your preferred date on or before May 21, 2015
so that we could arrange for your examination. Best Regards, Grey
Additional problems for practice. (CMSC 170 announcement)
CMSC 125 E2 - Invitation to edit
New sign-in from Firefox on Linux
Fixing the Animal - Academia.edu
Your weekly page update
[ No Subject ]
Lost Password
Welcome to FanBox
[Infographic]: 4shared 2015 Results
Your Steam account: Access from new computer
Your Steam Account: Access from new computer
Google Account password changed
You linked your first computer to Dropbox -- now get some free space!
You have extra copies of Dota 2 to give away!
The Elder Scrolls Online Beta - Welcome.
10730067121019 - Your DFA Passport Appointment
Potato, you have a new follower on Twitter
IceFrog has sent you a message on PlayDota.com
Avatar Star: You have been selected to participate in the Beta!
Congratulations! You've been selected to play Dota 2
[Bitbucket] Confirm your email address
Comicstorian: "Gwenpool - Origins (Howard the Duck)" and more videos
[GitHub] Subscribed to mbbderobles/CMSC128Exercise notifications
Francis Deoferio added connections you may know
KATH tweeted: Sorry @Johnvalle20!! I can't help it
Releases - Invitation to view
New assignment: "CS170 Lab Exercise 04 - Representing…"
CMSC 125 SysAd 7L
Far Cry Primal Review, The Most Annoying Video Game Enemies Ever & More
This Week's Updates - February 26, 2016
What is the messiest food in the world to eat? - Quora
New sign-in from Chrome on Windows
[New post] A Faster Mobile Web for All WordPress.com Users: AMP Is Here
Sustainable architecture, Vehicles and other topics picked for you
New HipChat integration for better collaboration
Our new Learn the Command Line course is here
Don't miss out on these Computer & Network Security positions near you
New Techy items just landed : Get ₱200 Voucher Today!
What do Ivy Leaguers think of non-Ivy Leaguers? - Quora
[New post] New year, new blog? Start on the right foot.
Download the Coursera App for Mobile, Now on Apple TV!
Now open: Over 35 new Specializations
New computer science Specializations: Explore mobile, web, and software development
Starts next week: Add data skills and strategy to your technical resume
Recommended courses for you
Fun facts from our computer science Specializations
Build a computer - no experience required
January’s Featured Programming Courses
Find a job you love in 2016
90% of Coursera learners achieve their goals
Make a Website using HTML5 and CSS3 with our updated course!
New sign-in from Chrome on Windows
Experience Pipelines GA, Parse on Heroku, React Refetch
[Nitro Cloud] Here's your converted PDF document
Ma. Angelica, see who you already know on LinkedIn
Ma. Angelica, Please confirm your email address
Betel de Robles has invited you to join galadhrim on Slack
UPLB OSA Subscription
Ma. Angelica, welcome to LinkedIn
You have a new notification
Hope that everything is going well as you learn to code!These articles were inspirational to me when I started learning, and I wanted to share them with you too: Inc. Magazine: The value of designers that know how to code Forbes: Software Developer is the top job of 2013, with an average salary of $90,530 The New York Times: Why everyone is learning the language of the Internet Codecademy helps you get started by breaking it down into short lessons. So what are you waiting for?
It is with great enthusiasm that RFM Foundation announces the commencement of the 2014 Search for the Ten Outstanding Students of the Philippines (TOSP), with the support of our partners, most especially the Commission on Higher Education (CHEd) headed by its Chairman Hon. Patricia B. Licunan.TOSP, as an awards program, honors the country's most notable students at the Malacanan Palace and by the President of the Republic. In recognizing the best, the Program seeks graduating college students who not only excel academically, but also dedicate themselves as exceptional leaders and community servants in order to make a difference in their respective circles. As the search is national in scope, all Higher Education Institution are encouraged to participate and nominate their school's model students. For regionalized areas (Regions II, III, IV-A, V, VI, VII, X, XII, CAR, and NCR), all duly accomplished nomination forms and supporting documents (bid books) should be submitted to their CHEd Regional Office for Regional Screening, For Non-REgionalized Areas (Regions I, IV-B, VIII, IX, XI, Caraga, And ARMM), bid books must be submitted to the 2014 TOSP National Secretariat, through their CHEd Regional Office. Further details are mentioned in the Search Rules and Nomination Kit. You may also download the document on the Facebook page www.facebook.com/TenOutstandingStudentsPH or in the RFM Corporation website www.rfmfoods.com/rfm-foundation. To know more about the Search for 2014 Ten Outstanding Students of the Philippines, please contact the TOSP National Secretariat at tenoutstandingstudents@gmail.com.
Hi! We noticed that you are not yet subscribed to the SOAD-OSA Mailing List for student organizations and advisers. To subscribe, just confirm your email address (annekristinemontoya@gmail.com) by visiting this link:http://scripts.dreamhost.com/add_list.cgi?g=mzCQXMMjDrrJw You can unsubscribe anytime. Emails we send have instructions on how to unsubscribe at the bottom. This is a post-only email address. Emails sent to this address are not monitored. This email is sent to advisers and students with organizations in UPLB. To get in touch with SOAD, visit http://magtanong.soadosa.org/. For the latest updates, visit our Facebook page at fb.com/soadosa or follow us on Twitter at twitter.com/soadosa. Thank you!
Hi Anne,I'm Angel, the Founder of Freedcamp. Just wanted to say I am thrilled to have you on our platform and I truly hope you enjoy using Freedcamp as much as we do! Freedcamp is a powerful tool designed to ease your mind, improve your focus, and increase you and your team's productivity. This email is to ensure that you have everything you need to get up and running quickly. With that said, one thing we wanted to mention: don't be afraid to ask us for anything. Help, tips, and anything in between - we're just an email away. Look for a follow up email on Getting Started and more information on the different features Freedcamp offers.Help the Philippines to win the PHP Innovation Award Championship of 2015
The PHP Classes site received a message from you, requesting to unsubscribe from the new book review alerts mailing list. The request was processed successfully and the account with e-mail address annekristinemontoya@gmail.com was unsubscribed from that list. Please allow 24 hours to let any already queued messages of this mailing list finish delivery. The site also has other mailing lists. If you want to unsubscribe from other mailing lists, please follow the instructions at the bottom of those mailing list messages or go to the user options page and uncheck the respective newsletter or alert message options:
Hi, This is an automated response from UVa Online Judge. Your submission with number 14200495 for the problem 12704 - Little Masters has failed with verdict Runtime error. This means that the execution of your program didn't finish properly. Remember to always terminate your code with the exit code 0. Best regards, The UVa Online Judge team
Mary Grace Primavera-Angeles posted an announcement to CMSC 127. "In case you have not seen yet, Sign up sheet is now posted on C-117 door. Your Project Presentation will be on Dec 4, Friday,1:00pm onwards. Each group will be given 20 minutes to present. Presentation will be done in C-117 room."
Kristine Elaine Bautista posted an announcement to CMSC 124. "Hi everyone! Here are some links that might help you in your project. This links are about "Recursive Descent Parsing"."
Kei Peralta posted an announcement to CMSC 124. "Corrections for the Perl handout. I apologize. Btw, the break keyword in Perl is experimental. Use last instead (Reference:http://perldoc.perl.org/perlsyn.html#Foreach-Loops)"
CMSC 131 has a new assignment. "Exercise 7 - Implementing Structured Data Types: Array" Due: Oct 23 Instructions: Create a program that implements Binary Search algorithm. Ask the user for 10 1-digit signed numbers (in ascending order) and store them in an array. Ask the user for a number and search for that number in the array using Binary Search algorithm. If found, output that the number is found, otherwise output that it's not found. Output the mid value every iteration. Create two subroutines: (1) Binary Search algo (2) Print mid value
New sign-in from Chrome on Linux
Partnership Opportunities - Phoenix One Knowledge Solutions, Inc.
Initial Payment
Proposed Software Development Agreement
Welcome to Introduction to Software Engineering (2nd Sem 2015-16)
New at Code School
The Best Stories to Read This Weekend
New course: Try Ember
Welcome to Namecheap
Team Accounts for Learning Together
Good day, Ma'am/Sir, thank you.
Good evening, here are the requirements for the project:
Topic Proposal for ENG 10
FW: Project Specs for 128
Email Confirmation for Google Account
Thank you for confirming your slot.
New CMSC170 exercise at Google Classroom
Slides are now uploaded at WURR
Deadline for the project is on March 2016
ANNOUNCEMENT: CMSC 170 and CMSC 132 exams moved
Love that light bulb moment
Improving the Cloud9 Experience
Welcome new QQ user! Please activate your ID.
LuxRenati Activity Update
You have sold an item on the Community Market
Thank you for your in-game Steam purchase
Dropbox on the go!
[Recomended Jobs] Code this weekend and get amazing job offers
Welcome to HackerEarth
Connect(); // 2015: November 18-19
Don’t Miss Out!
Stop shedding!
7Geese
Look Out Below
Stitch & Save
Thank You
Tacos Al Pastor
Bramazon Vibes.
#GirlTalk
Curious?
Got Plans?
Brown Sugar Ham
Easy Hand Pies
Shrimp Scampi
Salsa Chicken
Sesame Beef
Suck on this!
30% Off Hoodies
Just Added
The Best
OMG 55% OFF!!!
Good News…
Dark delights.
PRE-SALE TODAY!
Aptify Blog
Set the bar
NEW & NOW
Save BIG Today!
Notice Me Tops!
Life as a mom